# We're... out of time. Physics and onwards
- *16:07* Stretches now woo!
- 15:44 Phys hw 21, apparently, weight?
- *16:38* Finding, nemo, somewhereeeeeeeeee, under the stretches......~
- 16:13 Phys hw 21, apparently oct is the best teacher owoooo
- *17:10* can I really do this? I've spent a full pomo cycle on just on physics assignment lol, is it doomed yet or what, jk, time to stay positive and do some stretches
- 16:44 Phys, physically killing me with hw 21 oooo00f
- *17:47* DONE WITH HW 21 I LOVE YOU -- KONOSUBA TIMMMMMMMMMMMM
- 17:21 aight, last cycle, give phys hw 21 all you've got pleaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaase

# Getting over it, w/ IB Bio yardage garbage notes
- *14:41* Ok, work environment set up, it's going a little slow as we figure out how to structure these notes, but otherwise I just want to clean up env and get some water for now!
- 14:12 It's the moment of truth: our future prospects will be determined by this very first cycle. It will determine whether or not we'll be sleeping depressed and deprived of sleep, or whether we'll be feasting and reading and chillin'. I wish you the best of luck, gl.
- *15:17* May I understand a single thing from this random ib bio textbook! But naw, I drink, I eat, I stretch
- 14:48 You know the drill, we're gonna be trying to opt our notes, pace for last cycle step was faulty so~
- *15:52* I don't think I'm doing this right lol, gotta start recording page nums~, anyway water, chill
- 15:24 Buck fio buck fio buck fio, still on 3.3, may this 9 hour grind end soon!
- 16:04 didja know? 3.3 ends today.