# 50-50 Physics lab <-> Konosuba!
- 1:25 (yes I'm up l8 chill), may I get as far as I can in this physics lab!

# Getting over it, w/ IB Bio yardage garbage notes
- *14:41* Ok, work environment set up, it's going a little slow as we figure out how to structure these notes, but otherwise I just want to clean up env and get some water for now!
- 14:12 It's the moment of truth: our future prospects will be determined by this very first cycle. It will determine whether or not we'll be sleeping depressed and deprived of sleep, or whether we'll be feasting and reading and chillin'. I wish you the best of luck, gl.
- *15:17* May I understand a single thing from this random ib bio textbook! But naw, I drink, I eat, I stretch
- 14:48 You know the drill, we're gonna be trying to opt our notes, pace for last cycle step was faulty so~
- *15:52* I don't think I'm doing this right lol, gotta start recording page nums~, anyway water, chill
- 15:24 Buck fio buck fio buck fio, still on 3.3, may this 9 hour grind end soon!
- *16:50* u alrdy know we abt to read and then some more
- 16:04 didja know? 3.3 ends today.

8, 5, 9, 8, 8, 10, 7, 1, 7, 1
# Back on bio grind, we're a little bit off topic but hopefully things are lookin better now!
- *19:10* ok, pace is improvin, only 7 hours remaining, we could finish this @ 2:00 AM and be sitting pretty for some chillin, y know? b, c
- 18:33 biobiobiobio yikes
- *19:51* we r chillin
- 19:23 help, I need somebody help, not just anybody, help, you know I need someone, I needsomeone to help me with bio 10.1 hahahahah
- *20:31* one more until our 30 min break hahhahaha, we chill btw, time to walk~~
- 20:02 the only thing that keeps me going is the promise of being able to read konosuba. No joke. bio 10.2 is here zzzzzzzzzzzzzz, 12 hr bio grinds are nothing beyond the pale
- *21:47* blood pressure high, but you already know: read konosuba, eat, chilllll~~~
- 20:44 almost breaktime, u already know, we're about to submit this section, I won't include the scanning time in the pomo and instead just take off to the next section instead. It's a little sad that I miscounted pages by not account for the last page (e.g 0->1 is 2 pages, not 1-0=1). But it's alright, pace is fine, hopefully we'll be all set for a timely submission tomorrow!

# Bio grind, except... the future's not actually looking that bad!~
- *23:01* I want to read konosuba so badly... but I'm probably not going to be able to tear myself away from the story diligently three times in a row. So we're just gonna chill, aight?
- 22:34 "24 hrs left to do bio" - yes, yes you're right
- *23:46* might be done with 5.1 and 5.2?
- 23:17 5.2, 'cause apprently we skippin' colored boxed now! wooo, it's winnable, all u gotta do is BELIEVE
- *00:41* gonna rest my fingers, get some milk, drink some water
- 00:10 well, that 5 pg skip felt way too good to be true honestly. We're looking at 3 hrs remaining, which is like 2 pomo cycles left, which give or take is gonna be 5 hours. Instead of a full night grind, I think that today I'll be fine with just finishing this cycle off and sleeping comfortably at 01:30!
- *01:19* we ended...I'm so happy I could cry...and if that isn't enough, it's predicted that we'll only have 1.64 hours remaining (that's only 1 hour and 39 minutes!) If we're lucky, we could finish off bio in just one pomo cycle tomorrow -- it just depends on how hard the DBQ questions are. But that's enough of stupid bio. (With banana + milk, and a shower and some toothbrushing l8r) It's konosuba time you already know!!!!!!!!!!! wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
- 00:51 we're going to get through as much of bio 5.3+5.4 as we can today...hopefully it'll be ~ 1 + 1/2 pomo cycles until we're done with the whole thing, so we'll have a healthy nother 2 pomo cycles for lit to complete. Aight, I'm on the verge of tears, but here we go!