# Plan for konosuba 14->17

- Get book
- Open book
- Calibrate anki accordingly (use mining deck for now, we'll mess w/ it l8r)

## Sakubi concerns

- Read first (for motivation)
- Ask questions l8r (when we realize we need to review)

# Bio spring break hw - the final season

- 5,30 motivation: Konosuba, sakubi, anki (just gives bad memories...do what's fun, put something that you'd like to review in there, not something so dreary that you'd give up learning for it, y'know?)

- _15:36_ food, b, konosuba (if we have time)
- 15:09 bio 5.5, the faster we get done, the faster we'll be able to read konosuba and fall into a life of dissolution!
- _16:31_ wooo, just completed 5.3 and 5.4, gonna upload the assignment and update desmos, then we're gonna actually be able to read Konosuba I think
- 16:06 food break complete, we back in bio 5.5 to winnit
- _17:26_ we only have 4 pages left...just a short section left...may this (h)bell end soon. Granted, 2 pages are skipped over, but the last 2 are dbq...I think we could finish on the next cycle tho. I'm excited for the future to come. May we read some books tho ok?? b, w, Konosuba
- 16:57 Couldn't read any Konosuba, but, 10.3 is looking free as me when I was 8 years old, so maybe we can read some on break this time..
- 17:42 May this be the final cycle!! (aside from climate change 4), 10.3 is finished ??

## Overtime

- _18:35_ We're done! Just climate change pt. 4 left, but before that u already kno! 8 mins extra breaktime, 30 in total, we're just gonna contribute that all towards Konosuba and Anki.
- 18:17 I just wanna get 10.3 over and done with, we'll contribute the time spent here to the break time, inline with pomo ratio
