# Cool stuff
- Nofap
- _ryans01_
  - No more 0% days
  - Past, present, future me
  - Forgive yourself. dw, today will be a no 0% mastapiece
  - Exercise & books
- Videogames (or even books) block out the pain felt by the amygdala, which stops you from learning. Strive to feel positive emotions, but embrace negative ones as well

# I feel pain from not doing lit. But it's ok. It's a learning process. We win these.

- 00:33 Pt. 2 IV, START!


# I get TikTOK done first :)

- _20:22_ Sakubi!
- 19:51 jk, apparently bio discussion is due midnight...that's a little bit more urgent
- _20:59_ SAKUBI! jk, took too long goofing around
- 20:32 bio lab thing? gogogo
- _22:30_ breaktime, you already know, I get b+milk and do sakubi, I do some stretches, then I do Anki, then I do some stretches, then I mine 1 anki card, then I do some stretches. It's a plan aight?
- 22:04 ok, all in on TikTOK to make sure that we don't have extra stuff due...then we're gonna collect our data for the gravity car lab!

## Overtime

- _21:47_ 15 mins of overtime, 7 minutes granted! Sakubi time
- 21:07 (placeholder) => did bio lab

# We... didn't do so good now did we?
It's now 00:17, we're 1 hour and 17 minutes off of break. Upon finding that the edoguide site is outdated, and that I left the Discord server of my own volition and am unable to find it again, I went through the stages of grief, and have wasted an hour in denial trying to find the discord server as well as bargaining. It sucks. But honestly, I deserved it. I made a mistake, and am paying for it now. The time that was lost was not planned. Live and let learn, my sleep is taking a hit again, but that's how life is sometimes.

# Finish TikTOK. Then, non-zero. All the way.
- 00:20 Showtime 