# Physics, Lit, Bio in that order...
- *13:13* No progress, stuck on configuring latex lol
- 12:46 Time to progress on physics lab! We're going to try to get the picture labeled, and the graph with error bars from Desmos in. Let's go!
- *14:01* Time to run run run gg, `The reason I wanted to die`
- 13:18 (placeholder) => finished raw data, graph left and some analysis ##s

# Basically lit
- *18:32* Maybe reading is coping lol, anyway, `The reason I wanted to die`
- 18:06 actually finishing up physics rn but gonna work on lit right after this as soon as I can (voice lessons, review sides first) & (close reading practice, review slides first) & 1984 notes (sparknotes + friends + skimming)
  - Currently trying to relate voice lessons / close reading analysis to test
- *19:05* Interesting backstory and slides that I honestly wished I'd read earlier, but `The reason I wanted to die` piano time
- 18:40 grinding 1984 slides, we gon do everything on it aight??
- *19:38* Girndingidnfingfinidngidningidngidngidgn piano, `El razón para que quiero morir`
- 19:13 progressing on 1984 slides
- *20:14* Eat, jp (5->10), Anki (5 terms? or just ketchup), then piano (if we have time lol)
- 19:47 pomodoro break, but I'm dying; I'm dying; why is there so much work (it's because you procrastinated lol) ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

# Bio 
- *21:12* my brain hurts. I want to say that there's too much work, but spring break well, I did read a lot of Konosuba. So we rest. Then we win these. Derecho!
- 20:48 It's 3 hours until midnight...I don't think doing voice lessons is going to be uber-helpful. Remembering that lit comes after bio and physics, and the fact that the actual notes are not due until Friday, I'm going to try to get bio notes out of the way to gurantee some 8-hour sleep. I'm planning to skim sparknotes, etc. etc. + friends and fill out the 1984 packet with a framework as much as I can with the remaining time that I have left.
- *21:44* ok, seems like the study guide might be of some help after all. It's helpful to write down and then check the answers afterwards...2 hours left in order to get good sleep. I think we should all-in on study guides then all-in on 1984 notes... ~8 hours today is a priority. wat da, it's rest time rn
- 21:19 Don't stop moving forwards. I believe in you. It's painful now, but if you keep moving forward, eventually it will end. Don't stop. Keep moving fowards. 
- *22:19* cannot believe we're 3/4 of the way through another pomo cycle...pain
- 21:53 (placeholder) => halfway through study guide no. 1
- *23:03* It's breaktime, but: the study guides are pretty packed. I'm estimating at least an hour. So we've gotta focus up after this aight? I want to study Japanese, at first glance, but I'm wondering if anything else can be done...I'm gonna give myself 7 minutes for b + w + walk maybe and we'll go from there!
- 22:36 there's power in unity. Onwards, bed bio and beyond