# Bio homework, and above...
- *22:47* Yummy, we're getting through the lab pretty quickly. The discovered draw feature on Word is making it actually pretty enjoyable. food!
- 22:20 Filling out bio hw details, then we'll do it and be happi!

# Bio homework, but it's after you realize there're moar handwritten notes due at noon...
- *23:51* Yikes my eyes
- 23:18 let's get the lab done!
- *00:21* we chill
- 23:56 (placeholder) => working on bio 11.1
- *01:01* rest my eye, my soul, etc., get some water
- 00:28 I think we still work on 11.1, the good news is that it's only 4 pages of notes so not so bad.
- 01:08 The goal has shifted from "let's do this haha" to we need to finish as fast as possible if we don't want to have our sleep crash into the alarm clock momentously haha

# Bio homework, but it's the next day and you realize that you're putting 9000 into this class for what? for what the fk?
- *17:28* food, honestly
- 17:03 (placeholder) => put on lens, talked on disc, setup work env, worked on bio 11.3 for what

# Bio homework, but the hardest homework is accompanied by terrible instructions...
- *18:43* I sleep or whatttttttttttttttt, water, food (maybe?), rocking chair
- 18:17 freedom, freedom to me who has been dead inside for quite some while now... not quite, maybe some Konosuba on the side may save me yet
- *19:20* My back hurts, how many pomo cycles is bio taking holy-, time to rest eyes and back I guess
- 18:53 drawing the cells in the cycle is rough... but we're getting through it, slowly but surely
- *19:53* vision going a little fuzzy, but otherwise we chillin. Let's watch a vid
- 19:28 (placeholder) => we finished bio 11.3 yayyy
- *20:31* I want to walk around and rest my eyes, get some water (7min), then the rest of the time I think I'll work on Japanese, watch some Cure Dolly, mine 2+ Anki cards from VN, then keep on grinding that Anki. :)
- 19:59 onto physics! and organic chemistry tutor carries yooo, we getting sleep tonight for once in a lifetime or what?