## Content of the golden records

The golden records included greetings from many countries around the globe, various sounds of Earth, music: a lot of traditional music, very instrument heavy. It also contained an 1 hour recording of brainwaves of Ann Druyan, Carl Sagan's wife. It then contained 116 pictures from from Earth, which contained a lot of our technology, such as Mathematical definitions, physical units, our biology, pictures of nature like rivers and leaves, of the different kinds of people, and where we live and our constructions, like the great wall of China or houses or cities.

## What's Missing?

Notably, bad things that happen on Earth are missing, such as death, disease, crime, poverty, war. This aligns with the message that Jimmy Carter sent on the golden disc, saying that we are attempting to survive, and we're good people and we want to join together in the future into a galactic civilization if possible.

## What would you include in 2021

For me, so much of what I'm interested feels like it's fleeting, here one day, gone the other. The nature of the web is just like that, instant transfer of information, to the point where it's hard to not be overwhelmed trying to sum everything up. But in terms of mediums, I'd say that I have a pretty good idea of how things are right now. First, I would put some memes, which would be too old to actually say out loud but ones that were popular in the past. Then videogames like Minecraft, which would probably be impossible to play without a computer, but just there just in case. And then pictures of computers and phones, since that's what I'm glued to everyday nowadays. Some Lo-Fi music.
