# 0228 SUN

## Animals Need From Mood

- Animals = Heterotrophs
  - Derivce nutrition from eating other organisms
- Plants = Autotrophs
  - Produce energy by themselves via solar or inorganic chemical energy

### Energy

- Comes in different forms, heat is one of them
- calorie = `amount of heat necessary to raise the temperature of 1g water by 1C`
- kcal = 1000 calories = \_C_alories
- [ Fats, carbohydrates, proteins ] = [ 9.5 Cal/gram, 4.2 Cal/gram, 4.1 Cal/gram ]
- International System of Units (ISU) = 1j = 0.239 calories
- 1 joule/second = 1 watt

### Stored Energy
- Carbs stored in liver, muscle cells as glycogen
- Fats stored in body, more efficient, less associted water = more compact
- Carbs -> fats -> proteins (in blood plasma)

## How the human body accesses / uses carbs, lipids, and proteins for energy

When energy is needed, the human body first looks towards carbohydrates for quick energy, stored in the form of glycogen in muscles or the liver(2). Sugars are polar and thus can be dissolved in the bloodstream and quickly transported to whereever they are needed. However, the calories per gram of sugars are not as efficient as the calories per gram of lipids. These are the body's second source of Energy, and they are also much more efficient than carbohydrates in terms of storage (2). Finally, proteins are the body's last source of energy, first the proteins in blood plasma (2). This last stage of "self-consumption" in the body can cause serious health damages. More specifically, the body converts chemical energy stored in these macromolecules found in foods into ATP (1). ATP is the universal currency of the body's cells, and the hydrolis of ATP into ADP + P generates energy in an exergonic reaction (2), which the body can further utilize for various cellular functions.


## Calorimetry

### _C_alories vs _c_alories

A calorie is a unit of measurement of energy. It is defined as the "amount of heat needed to raise the temperature of 1g of water by 1C" (3). However, this is a rather small unit of measurement, so scientists often use the kcal, which is equivalent to 1000 calories (1). Another way to refer to the kcal is Calorie, which is calorie with the 'c' capitalized.

### Specific Heat of Water

The specific heat of water is a measurement of the amount of heat required to raise the temperature of 1g of water by 1C. Since a calorie is a measurement of heat, it can be used to define this specific heat of water as 1 cal/gram C. 

### General idea of the lab => specific heat of water v. calories (NO PROCEDURE)

Knowing the relationship between a calorie and the specific heat of water, the basic idea of this lab is to calculate the amount of calories in a food by converting the stored energy of a food into heat energy. Then, capturing the heat energy with water, of which the change in temperature can tangibly be measured and converted into calories. 

## Biggest bang for your buck woo

Lipids have the highest calories per gram, at 9.5g/cal. Carbohydrates are roughly half of that, at 4.2g/Cal. Proteins are slightly lower than that still, at 4.1 g/Cal. Judging by these numbers, Lipids are the body's form of energy storage with the "biggest bang for your buck."