## Key Lessons and Important Takeaways

The guest speaker, Ms. lake, reinforced and introduced many ideas that we learned in the 4 part video series about climate change. First, Ms. Lake reminded me that almost everything that we as humans do is connected in someway, natural resources to fossil fuels because they are such, consumer culture contributes to sentiments like we should buy things that we don't need, trannsportation built off of fossil fuels, landfills and the destruction of natural resources, and so much more. 

In all that we do, fossil fuels are a type of natural resource, but our natural resources cannot be changed in any way. The Earth that we're on only supports so many things, and the amount of natural resources on it and the thing that we're dependent on cannot change.

However, things other than climate change can be swapped out. For example, instead of landfills and garbage, we could recycle, reuse, and repair. If our stuff doesn't last, we need to build more durable things and take better care of our stuff. Steps can be taken to lessen the strain on Mother Earth's resources.

## Argument on why everyone should care about climate change

Sometimes, climate change for me as a student seems like a disconnected topic. I have air conditioning in my room negating heat and cold, and bad weather does't affect my house as much. Snowdays are pretty fun. But the truth of the matter is, people in poverty are disproportionately affected by the effects of climate change. Wealthy people have the money and resources to negate the effects of climate change. For example, in the case of a wildfire producing a lot of smoke, people well off may be able to afford air filters, instead of having to evacuate their houses in the fear of bad air quality. But people less fortunate wouldn't be able to afford that. Next, we all live in the same planet, and partake of the same natural resources. That means that what one person does will inherently affect what another person does. But that's not all, because the difference that one person for example, lowering their intake of meat may have a difference, but the difference is not very big. On the other hand, if everyone pitches in then the impact can be massive. In short, we all share the same planet so we should all pitch in and be mindful of others on this problem of climate change. 

## Reply to Grace Shang
Hey Grace, I think that your summary of what you learned and some of the best ways to impact the environment "involve spending less on what we don't need" is really well phrased. Especially the point about clothing. I remember in the video about how a small 6% pledge per year could have a massive impact, and that because an average American buys 30 shirts a year, a 6% reduction in clothes would be not buying 2 more shirts or reusing old clothes. My small pledge to make a difference would be trying to buy less clothes that I don't need, and if I really needed one to reuse clothes from my siblings or buy something from Goodwill. 